applications: nrf_desktop: Improve autoprovisioning doc (#23615)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/description.rst

===========================

nRF54L-based nRF Desktop devices enable hardware cryptography for the MCUboot bootloader.

> To securely boot SoC nRF54L, a set of private and public keys is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the secure boot feature, the bootloader requires a set of private and public keys.
```
